DP-71: PagerDuty docs incomplete (#1346)
OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi: docs/modules/operation/pages/notifications/pagerduty.adoc

= Set up Notifications through PagerDuty
:description: Learn how to set up notifications through PagerDuty for OpenNMS Lōkahi/Cloud.

> Instead of using the Lōkahi/Cloud UI to view notifications, you can receive them as they occur via PagerDuty.

Reviewer: Nit: would prefer an alternative to "Instead of using the UI to view notifications".

Would suggest "In addition to viewing notifications in the Lokahi/Cloud UI, you may wish to enable PagerDuty integration"

> Instead of using the Lōkahi/Cloud UI to view notifications, you can receive them as they occur via PagerDuty.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to using the Lōkahi/Cloud UI to view notifications, you may want to enable PagerDuty integration.
```

+
image::notifications/pd-integration.png["PagerDuty add integration page. Events API v2 selected.", 500]

. Specify the escalation policy.
+
image::notifications/pd-escalation.png["PagerDuty set escalation page. Generate a new escalation policy selected.", 500]

. Configure the reduce noise settings.
+
image::notifications/pd-reduce-noise.png["PagerDuty set reduce noise page. Intelligent grouping selected.", 500]

. Select the `Events API v2` integration option from the list.
+
image::notifications/pd-integration-select.png["PagerDuty integrations page. Events API V2 selected.", 500]

. Click *Create Service* at the bottom of the page.
+
The integration details page appears:
+
image::notifications/pd-integration-details.png["PagerDuty integration details page. Integration Key field highlighted.", 500]
. Copy the integration key.
. In Lōkahi/Cloud, click *Minions>Outbound Notification*.
. Paste your integration key into the field and click *Save*.
. Select *Monitoring Policies* in the left navigation menu.
. Make sure you have a monitoring policy with notifications configured via PagerDuty.
+

> NOTE: You cannot edit the default monitoring policy, which has email and PagerDuty notifications on by default.

Reviewer: Should also add a note that there's no means to see if a PagerDuty API kay has already been provided.

In order to disable PagerDuty notifications (assuming a working API key was provided at some point in the past), IIRC, the user must provide a blank entry.

Author: @bouff, since the default policy is created upon first log in, there's been no opportunity for a user to create a PD notification and add a key. Assume it won't work then?

Author: Got it. I can update that, then. 
I forgot that they add the key in the outbound notifications area, not the default policy.

Author: @bouff. Updated, but the UI only lets you put a space in the field to create a blank line. Not sure if this actually works.
